What features and functionality did you add to your blockchain? Why?
Proof of work gets progressively harder:
With each new block added to the chain, the number of 0s in the target hash increases by 1. This is done by first creating an instance variable called difficulty and setting it to 1. Inside the proof_of_work method, a while loop keeps on generating hashes until it creates a hash with at least the same number of zeroes as the value of difficulty, at which point the value of difficulty gets incremented. The purpose of this feature is to make it exponentially harder to mine a block, since this will limit the potential of a single user to generate an excessively long chain.
Time taken is displayed:
When a block is mined, the number of seconds it took to be mined is displayed. This is done by first importing the time library, which provides users with the ability to record time intervals. Next, in the mine_block function, the start time and end time are recorded before and after the block is added to the chain. A variable called time_taken is then set to the end time minus the start time, and is then displayed for the user to see. The purpose of this function is to allow the user to see the increasing amount of time it takes to mine a block.
Previous hash is displayed: The hash of each new block is displayed. This is done by first creating a self.hash_operation variable that is initially set to an empty string. Inside the proof_of_work method, a while loop keeps on generating hashes until it creates a hash with at least the same number of zeroes as the value of the variable "difficulty", at which point hash_operation will be set to the generated hash. Hash_operation is then displayed along with other information about the block when the block is mined.

Explanation of what a class is in Python/Object-Oriented Programming In Python and object-oriented programming, a class is a blueprint for creating objects. An object is an instance of a class, and a class defines the behaviors of the objects created from it. That includes their instance variables and their methods.

What is an endpoint? What is a server? What is Flask? What is Postman doing?
An endpoint is an API that allows a user to interact with a server backend.
A server is a computer or system that is responsible for handling requests and sending outputs to other computers or devices over a network. In the context of web development, servers often host websites, APIs, or other services.
Flask is a tool for building websites using Python. It receives prompts from web browsers, and sends back the appropriate responses. It simplifies the process of building web applications by offering a simplistic structure for users to work with.
Postman is a tool that allows requests to be sent and received between software. In the context of this blockchain project, Postman sends requests from the API to the backend code in Spyder, and receives and displays Spyder’s responses.

What you intended to do vs. what you actually completed. What challenges did you face?
My goals were to display more data about the blocks that are mined and to increase the difficulty of mining over time. Although these goals were all accomplished, I recieved some help from peers and teachers in resolving some of the errors that arose.